gh-pr: add page (#4717)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gh-pr.md

# gh-pr

> > Work seamlessly with GitHub from the command line.

Reviewer: I think we should use a description for the specific subcommand. Maybe:
```suggestion
> Manage GitHub pull requests from the command line.
```

> > More information: <https://cli.github.com/>.

Reviewer: Use the link to the specific subcommand:
```suggestion
> More information: <https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_pr>.
```

- Create a pull request:

`gh pr create`

> - Check out pull requests locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check out a pull request locally:
```

`gh pr checkout {{pr_number}}`

- View the changes made in the PR:

`gh pr diff`

- Approve the pull request of the current branch:

`gh pr review --approve`

> - Merge a PR if you're on the branch, removes the branch on local and remote:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Merge the pull request associated with the current branch, removing the branch on both the local and the remote:
```

Author: Updated the PR
